style: run prettier on web/api/s-w (#20546)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/window/window/index.md

> 1. global variables of your script are in fact properties of `window`:

Reviewer: Side correction (not related to Prettier):
```suggestion
1. Global variables of your script are, in fact, properties of `window`:
```

   ```js
   const global = { data: 0 };
   alert(global === window.global); // displays "true"
   ```

> 2. you can access built-in properties of the window object without having to type `window.` prefix:

Reviewer: Side correction (not related to Prettier)
```suggestion
2. You can access the built-in properties of the window object without having to prefix them with `window.`:
```
